[MUSIC]
>> Kyle: Let's talk through how we
might choose to solve this problem.
When this callback is called we're
going to get a response back and
because of closure we gonna know which
one of the three files it came from.
Does everybody see that?
So what I could do is I could have
a handle response function that I
call out to with the file name and
the text that it got, okay?
Now I could do that code directly inside
of here but I'm pushing it out to
another function so that I have
a little bit less nesting going on.
All right now, handle response receives
a file name and some contents for
the file, everyone following that?
And what I'm going to need is
something in closing scope,
in this case probably the global scope,
some variable,
some object that is going to keep track
of the responses that have come back,
in case I get a response back
earlier than I'm able to render it.
Everybody with me on that?
I might get a response back and be able
to immediately render it but I'm going to
need something to hold on to the responses
that I get back that I can't yet render.
And I'm going to need to be able to,
basically, iterate over that collection of
responses when it is time to print things
out and print out whatever I've gotten.
So the way I'm going to do that is
simply have a variable called responses,
and we'll make it an object.
This is not, by any means,
the only way to solve these exercises.
As with almost everything
we do in these workshops,
there's many different ways to slice it.
I'm only walking you through one way
of modeling this mentally, okay?
So handle response could
say if responses of filename.
That is an object whose
property is the filename,
the URL that was used if
that's not already set.
So maybe I would do that instead
of response as a filename,
maybe I'll say if not
filename in responses.
So I make sure for a fact that this
function is getting called with a response
that I haven't yet seen.
This takes care of maybe the function
somehow getting double called or
whatever, right?
So I'm gonna say this is a response
that I have not yet seen yet.
So the first step is definitely
to add it to my object.
I'm storing it into an object,
okay?
>> Kyle: File name being the property
location on the object, contents being the
value that I'm putting into the object.
So if that was file1, if this was
the first time this is being called, and
that was file1, I could iterate
over the stuff in responses.
And if there was stuff to render,
I could immediately render it.
Take it right back out of
the response's object.
Or I might have just put file two in and
file one isn't yet there in which case
I can't go on yet I just need to leave
it there and try it again later, okay?
Keep in mind this handle
responsibility called all three times.
So we called every single time we get an
AJAX response back is going to get called
so it's going to have an opportunity
to be called for all three.
But we're not sure which order there's six
different ways that this can happen or
three different ways or whatever.
There's a lot of different
ways this can happen and
we're not sure which order
is going to happen and so
we are trying to coordinate that or
normalizing that concurrency.
So after I've made sure
that my response has been
stored into my responses in the contents
have been stored in the responses.
Now I could simply start
out with an array.
Now, this is a simple
cheat way of doing it.
There are, of course other ways
where I could've kept those in
a external location in some way but
I'm just trying to come up with
the simplest way of solving this problem.
If I know what those URLs are, and I know
what order they're supposed to happen in.
I could have produced this array by
the order that they were requested in,
if that's what I wanted, again,
just taking the simple way.
Let's assume that I know that file1,
file2, file3 need to happen in this order.
So now I can just say, for( var i=0).
I less than arr.length and
maybe instead of arr maybe I'll call this
filenames.
>> Kyle: I++ so
I'm going to look at file1.
It's going to be filenames of i which the
first iteration is going to be file one.
I'm gonna say if that is even
the responses object.
So filenames of i is in responses or
it's not in responses.
Can anybody guess what I'm going
to do if it's not in responses?
Break the for loop.
Actually in this case for
convenience sake I'm just gonna
return just completely empty out.
So whichever case I'm in whether I'm
looking at file1 and it's not in there.
Or I'm looking at file2 and it's not
in there, or I'm looking at file 3 and
it's not in there.
I've got nothing left to render on this
particular pass through my responses.
Cuz I know if it's not there I'm
not gonna render anything else.
So I can take advantage
of an early return here.
If it is in there.
I can say, if it's still.
>> Kyle: For example,
I can say if it's still a truthy value,
or I could say if it's still a string.
And you'll see why I'm
saying that in a moment.
If it's still a string then I know
it's time to go ahead and render this.
So I'll say filenames I'll say
responses of filenames of i.
This one is going to need to be the same
things as responses of filenames of i.
Now, now that I've rendered it.
I want to leave the entry in there but
I want to mark it as having been rendered.
So a simple way of marking it as having
been rendered is to change it from being
the text.
>> Kyle: To something like false.
So the entry is still in the object,
which means I'm not going to
try to readd it in there.
But I'm not going to try
to re-render it over and
over again, because it's going
to fail this typo check.
There's a million different ways that you
could choose to implement this logic.
I'm just showing you one
possible way of saying.
I'm living over this list and I'm
checking to see whether I need to render
something.
>> Kyle: At the end of this,
if I have rendered all three of them,
>> Kyle: Then I can
finally output my complete message.
>> Kyle: This
function is gonna get called for
each of those three times.
The happy path is that it gets
called once with file1 and
then once with file2 and
then once with file3 and
it never needs to get to this early return
thing and every needs to even store thing.
But it might get called once with file3
first, and then once with file2 first, and
then finally the third time with file1,
where it hasn't rendered anything yet.
And that third time, when it goes to loop
through, it's going to say I do have
a file1 render, I do have a file2 render,
I do have a file3.
So which every way these come in,
I'm always going to render asap but
only in the correct articulated order.
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: So
I maybe I understood
the params that went wrong but
I thought you said you wanted to
do it by altering the callbacks or
did you not say that?
>> Kyle: What do you mean?
>> Speaker 2: So I was thinking maybe we
would we have different callbacks for
all of the get files and
then somehow we would audit them.
>> Kyle: We do have
different callbacks for all the get giles.
>> Speaker 2: Okay,
that's fine
>> Kyle: I'm not sure I understand what
you mean.
>> Speaker 2: I
wasn't expecting this intimidation.
>> Kyle: Did you solve it a different way?
>> Speaker 2: No I couldn't.
>> Kyle: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: I was thinking
more along the lines of Promises about the
start of the callback and something they
couldn't come up with anything.
>> Kyle: Well the only way you're going to
end up ordering the callbacks is
to have sequential requesting.
Where you don't even request file2
until after file1 is finished.
Which violates one of the fundamental
premises of the setup of the problem which
is to call them in order.
That's why that's there because it's easy
if you just wanna do serial requesting.
But it's the parallel requesting that
causes this concurrency coordination
to be more complex, okay?
The point that's really being made here is
that three independent callbacks have to
share some closure state even
if it's a global variable.
They're gonna have to share some
closure state to coordinate themselves.
That's just,
there's no other way around it.
Whether it's the global state or whether
there's some other wrapper that variables
passed to me no matter how you slice it.
There gonna have to be some shared
variable cost all three callbacks.
And they're gonna have to potentially
store something in that variable
until it's time to come back and get it.
That's what we mean by saying that
we're coordinating concurrency,
is that we're managing that
time state complexity.
And we can see that there's a solution to
it but I don't think anybody would argue
that this is a good graceful
solution to it, right?
It's ugly, right?
But it gets the job done.
And I can't tell you many hundreds of
times I've solved similar problems in
the past where the only tool I had
available to me was functions and
closure variables.
So we can get the job done,
even complex certain areas.
But this isn't the ideal pattern and
that's why I'm walking you through it.
I'm showing you, first,
the pain points that we've been dealing
with to motivate why we want better
patterns.q Is everybody with me on that?
>> Kyle: Any
other questions about exercise one?
We're gonna get to come back to the exact
same problem domain over and over and
over again, okay?
You'll get better and
better at solving this problem with better
patterns.
>> Speaker 3: By the way,
I'm not convinced that you're going to
return at, like if it comes back file2,
file1, file3 I think you might
get to complete even after file2,
cuz won't it fall through?
>> Kyle: I'm sorry,
what?
>> Speaker 3: Won't you get the complete
if it comes back, let's say file2,
file1, and then file3.
But after you get file2, it should print
out and fall down through the output
complete and then so you get complete then
file3 should come back then get another
complete.
>> Kyle: You're still loosing me,
maybe over a break we can talk-
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Kyle: I mean you can compare what I've
typed here to what I typed
in the solution file.
The solution file is objectively correct,
and
maybe I missed something, but I'm pretty
sure one of those three passes is gonna
hit that thing before it
hits the output complete.
You're either gonna be able to go
through the entire for loop or
you're gonna hit this case,
which stops it from getting to complete.